So, the last thing that's kind of
an important thing to cover in Shiny,
is delayed reactivity.
So, we run into this problem a lot,
where we've developed an app,
and Shiny's reactivity,
the way it works with reactivity, as soon
as you're changing your slider values,
it's automatically re-executing
the code in the server functions.
Which is fine if what's going on in
the server functions are really small,
quick calculations.
And often, that's what you want.
But sometimes, your Shiny app is running
a large Monte Carlo simulation, or
it's doing Bootstrap, or something
computationally intensive, and you want
to have them settle the values, then click
a submit button or something like that.
So, we're going to show you
how to do this really quick.
It's only going to be
one extra line of code.
Okay, here I have my code exactly
from the previous example,
and just set in the same exact way.
So, if I click Run App,
you'll recognize the app.
It just looks, and
as I change the slider, it goes ahead and
reruns the code, okay?
So, what we want to change now,
is to have a submit button.
So, from the slides,
I'm going to add this one command.
Okay?
submitButton.
Okay, so just the command here,
And then,
the button value is called Submit.
And then, this actually receives a labeled
input value, called Submit, that you can
use, for example, if the submitButton
is true, in your server functions.
Now, one thing that's a very
common mistake when you're
doing Shiny apps is not remembering
that these are functional arguments.
So, not remembering that you have to
have a comma after all these commands.
Okay.
So notice, RStudio is kind enough.
Let me see.
Before, it was showing me that
there was an error there.
There you go.
See this little x there?
That's that error.
Expect a comma after the expression.
Right there, okay.
So, without that comma, it wouldn't run.
Okay, so now let's run the app.
And, okay,
see now we have a little Submit button.
And as we change the value of the slider,
notice it doesn't rerun.
We have to click Submit,
and then it reruns.
Okay?
So, that's a very useful thing.
And, again, remember your Submit
button is a label button that you can
refer back to in your server functions.
So if you want calculations or
things conditional on the Submit button,
you can do that.
Okay, so that's a quick little handy thing
that you can add into your Shiny tools.